feat: add prometheus alert rules to monitoring section (#135)
charmed-hpc/docs: reference/monitoring/loki-logs.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:

>     description: Discover the Loki log queries for Charmed HPC charms, including slurmctld, slurmd, slurmdbd, MySQL, and GLAuth, and how to exclude unwanted log files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Reference page for the Loki log queries for Charmed HPC charms, including slurmctld, slurmd, slurmdbd, MySQL, and GLAuth, and how to exclude unwanted log files.
```

(For later - the ignoring logs how to should get moved)
